.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" audio2tape.1: audio2tape man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Fredrick Meunier
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: fredm@spamcop.net
.\"
.\"
.TH audio2tape 1 "3rd December, 2008" "Version 0.10.0" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
audio2tape \- Sinclair ZX Spectrum audio to tape file converter
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.B audio2tape
.RI "[\-t " type ]
[\-s]
[\-r]
[\-k]
.RI "[\-z " level ]
.RI "[\-c " level ]
.I infile outfile
.PD 1
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
audio2tape converts audio files to ZX Spectrum tape images.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.RI "\-t " type
causes
.I type
to be used as the level detection trigger. There are two triggers implemented;
the
.I simple
trigger just uses a threshold value to convert to a one or zero on output, and
the
.I schmitt
trigger implements a Schmitt trigger which outputs a less noisy signal, but
requires a stronger signal to noise ratio than the simple trigger. The default
trigger is "simple".
.TP
\-s
causes the display of a frequency graph showing the sound levels present in the
audio file. This can be useful when selecting good crossover points.
.TP
\-r
causes any ROM blocks that are recognised to use idealised timing figures
rather than the exact ones found in the audio file.
.TP
\-k
causes the tape file that is produced to keep any audio data from the original
audio file that isn't recognised. This will allow unsupported loading schemes,
encryption tones etc. to be preserved in the file that is produced.
.TP
.RI "\-z " level
causes
.I level
to be used as the zero point in the supplied audio file, it allows adjustment
for a DC offset in the audio file. The default level is 127 from a range of
0-255.
.TP
.RI "\-c " level
causes
.I level
to be used as the Schmitt trigger noise threshold, this reduces the sensitivity
to noise in the provided file. The default level is 8 from a range of 0-127.
.TP
.I infile
specifies the audio file to be converted. This file can be in any of the
tape formats supported by
.IR libaudiofile .
.TP
.I outfile
specifies the output tape file. The format will be determined by the
file extension and can be in any of the formats
.IR libspectrum "(3)"
supports for output.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3),"
.IR listbasic "(1),"
.IR tapeconv "(1),"
.IR tzxlist "(1),"
.IR snap2tzx "(1),"
.IR tape2wav "(1)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Fredrick Meunier (fredm@spamcop.net).
