.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" createhdf.1: createhdf man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2004 Philip Kendall
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH createhdf 1 "5th January, 2008" "Version 0.9.0" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
createhdf \- Create a blank IDE hard disk image in .hdf format
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.B createhdf
[ \-c ] [ \-s ]
.I cylinders heads sectors file
.P
.PD 1
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
createhdf creates a blank image of an IDE hard disk in .hdf format for
use with Sinclair ZX Spectrum emulators.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I \-c
specifies that the .hdf image should be created in `compact' mode,
where only the low byte of every word is stored in the image. This is
useful for saving space if the hard disk image is for use with an
interface which accesses only the low byte of every word.
.TP
.I \-s
specifies that the .hdf image should
.B not
be created as a sparse file. Normally,
.I createhdf
will attempt to create the hard disk image as a `sparse file', where
the operating system knows that the file consists mostly of zero bytes
and fills those in without using any space in the file. This option
disables this. (There's nothing `magic' about this: if data is written
to the file, it will take up space just like any other data; it's only
empty space which is synthesised by the operating system).
.TP
.I \-v version
specifies the version of .hdf image to be created. Valid values are
.RI ` 1.0 '
for a version 1.0 file and
.RI ` 1.1 '
for a version 1.1 file. Defaults to creating version 1.1 files.
.TP
.I cylinders
specifies the number of cylinders in the image.
.TP
.I heads
specifies the number of heads in the image.
.TP
.I sectors
specifies the number of sectors in the image.
.TP
.I file
specifies the file to which the image should be written.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3)"
.PP
The .hdf format specification, at
.br
.IR "http://www.ramsoft.bbk.org/hdfform.html" .
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Philip Kendall (philip\-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk).
