.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" fuse-utils.1: fuse-utils overall man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2004 Philip Kendall
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH fuse\-utils 1 "10th December, 2008" "Version 0.10.0.1" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
fuse\-utils \- various ZX Spectrum related utilities
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Fuse (Free Unix Spectrum Emulator) utilities are a small suite of
utilities relating to some of the file formats used by ZX Spectrum
emulators. The currently available utilities are:
.PP
.I audio2tape
.RS
Convert an audio file into a tape format.
.RE
.PP
.I createhdf
.RS
Create a blank IDE hard disk image in .hdf format.
.RE
.PP
.I listbasic
.RS
Extract the BASIC program from a ZX Spectrum file.
.RE
.PP
.I profile2map
.RS
Convert Fuse profiler output into Z80-style map format.
.RE
.PP
.I raw2hdf
.RS
Create an .hdf hard disk image from a raw data file.
.RE
.PP
.I rzxcheck
.RS
Verify the `competition mode' signature in an RZX input recording
file.
.RE
.PP
.I rzxdump
.RS
Display the contents of an RZX file.
.RE
.PP
.I rzxtool
.RS
Make simple modifications to an RZX file.
.RE
.PP
.I scl2trd
.RS
Convert .scl disk images into .trd format.
.RE
.PP
.I snap2tzx
.RS
Convert a snapshot into a .tzx tape image.
.RE
.PP
.I snapconv
.RS
Convert between various snapshot formats.
.RE
.PP
.I tape2wav
.RS
Convert a tape file into .wav audio format.
.RE
.PP
.I tapeconv
.RS
Convert between various tape formats.
.RE
.PP
.I tzxlist
.RS
Display the contents of a .tzx tape image.
.RE
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR audio2tape "(1),"
.IR createhdf "(1),"
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3),"
.IR listbasic "(1),"
.IR raw2hdf "(1),"
.IR rzxcheck "(1),"
.IR rzxdump "(1),"
.IR rzxtool "(1),"
.IR scl2trd "(1),"
.IR snap2tzx "(1),"
.IR snapconv "(1),"
.IR tape2wav "(1),"
.IR tapeconv "(1),"
.IR tzxlist "(1),"
.IR xspect "(1),"
.IR xzx "(1)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Philip Kendall (philip\-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk) and others; see the
individual man pages for more details.
