.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" listbasic.1: listbasic man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Philip Kendall
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH listbasic 1 "11th May, 2007" "Version 0.8.0.1" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
listbasic \- Extract the BASIC from a ZX Spectrum file
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.B listbasic
.I "file"
.P
.PD 1
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
listbasic extracts the BASIC listing from a ZX Spectrum snapshot or
tape file and prints it to standard output.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I file
specifies a snapshot or tape image from which to extract the BASIC,
which must be in a format supported by
.IR libspectrum "(3)."
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse-utils "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Philip Kendall (philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk).
.PP
Chris Cowley wrote 
.IR SnapList ,
.RI ( http://freestuff.grok.co.uk/snaplist/index.html "), "
on which listbasic is very heavily based.
