.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" profile2map.1: profile2map man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Stuart Brady
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH profile2map 1 "18th May, 2013" "Version 1.1.0" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
profile2map \(em Fuse profiler output converter
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B profile2map
.I infile outfile
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
profile2map converts Fuse profiler output into Z80-style map format.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I infile
specifies the Fuse profiler output to be converted.
.TP
.I outfile
specifies the Z80 map file for output.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Stuart Brady (stuart.brady@gmail.com).
