.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" raw2hdf.1: raw2hdf man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2005 Matthew Westcott
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH raw2hdf 1 "18th December, 2007" "Version 0.9.0" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
raw2hdf \- Create an .hdf hard disk image from a raw data file
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.B raw2hdf
.I rawfile hdffile
.P
.PD 1
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
raw2hdf converts a binary dump of a hard disk's data into an IDE disk
image in .hdf format for use with Sinclair ZX Spectrum emulators.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I \-v version
specifies the version of .hdf image to be created. Valid values are
.RI ` 1.0 '
for a version 1.0 file and
.RI ` 1.1 '
for a version 1.1 file. Defaults to creating version 1.1 files.
.TP
.I rawfile
specifies a raw data file (or block device corresponding to an actual
disk) to be converted.
.TP
.I hdffile
specifies the .hdf file to create.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NOTES
Since raw2hdf has no knowledge of the geometry of the disk from which
the original image was taken (indeed, the input file need not
originate from a real IDE disk at all), there is no guarantee that
the information contained in the .hdf file header accurately
represents the original disk. However, it will attempt to construct a
header that is consistent with the size of the image, to produce
an .hdf file which is functionally equivalent.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3)"
.PP
The .hdf format specification, at
.br
.IR "http://www.ramsoft.bbk.org/hdfform.html" .
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Matthew Westcott (matthew@west.co.tt).
