.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" rzxdump.1: rzxdump man page
.\" Copyright (C) 2002-2004 Philip Kendall
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH rzxdump 1 "11th May, 2007" "Version 0.8.0.1" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
rzxdump \- List contents of Sinclair ZX Spectrum input recording files
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.B rzxdump
.IR "rzxfile" ...
.P
.PD 1
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
Rzxdump outputs a description of the contents of RZX input recording
files.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I rzxfile
specifies an input recording file whose contents are to be listed.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
The contents of compressed blocks are not displayed with in a useful
fashion.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse-utils "(1),"
.IR rzxcheck "(1),"
.IR rzxtool "(1)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Philip Kendall (philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk).
