.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" rzxtool.1: rzxtool man page
.\" Copyright (C) 2002-2007 Philip Kendall
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH rzxtool 1 "18th May, 2013" "Version 1.1.0" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
rzxtool \(em Modify Sinclair ZX Spectrum input recording files
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rzxtool
.RI [\-d "block number" ]
.RI [\-e "block number" , filename ]
.RI [\-i "block number" , filename ]
[\-u]
.I rzxfile
.RI [ outfile ]
.P
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
rzxtool allows some simple modifications to be made to Sinclair ZX Spectrum
input recording files: blocks can be removed, snapshot data can be extracted
or snapshots can be inserted into the file. The file can also be uncompressed.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.RI \-d "block number"
.RS
The block number specified will be deleted from the file. Block
numbers start at zero and ignore any \(lqcreator information\(rq blocks in
the file. The modified file will be written to
.IR outfile .
.RE
.PP
.RI \-e "block number" , filename
.RS
The snapshot in the specified block number will be written to the
specified filename. All snapshot formats supported by
.IR libspectrum (3)
are available.
.RE
.PP
.RI \-i "block number" , filename
.RS
The snapshot specified in
.I filename
will be added to the file at the position specified by
.IR "block number" .
.RE
.PP
\-u
.RS
When outputting an RZX file, this option causes the input recording
data to be output uncompressed; if this option is not given, the data
will be compressed using
.IR zlib "(3)."
.RE
.PP
.I rzxfile
.RS
specifies an input recording file whose contents are to be modified.
.RE
.PP
.I outfile
.RS
specifies where the modified input file should be written.
.RE
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1),"
.IR rzxcheck "(1),"
.IR rzxdump "(1),"
.IR zlib "(3)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Philip Kendall (philip\-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk).
