.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" scl2trd.1: scl2trd man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Darren Salt, Philip Kendall, Fredrick Meunier
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH scl2trd 1 "10th December, 2008" "Version 0.10.0.1" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
scl2trd \- Convert .scl disk images to .trd.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.B scl2trd
.I "sclfile" "trdfile"
.P
.PD 1
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
scl2trd converts a .scl disk file to a 80 track, double sided (640\ KB) .trd
disk file.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I sclfile
specifies a .scl file whose contents are to be converted.
.TP
.I trdfile
specifies a .trd file to create.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Philip Kendall (philip\-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk).
.PP
Dmitry Sanarin's conversion routines from his Glukalka emulator are
used.
