.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" snapconv.1: snapconv man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Philip Kendall
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH snapconv 1 "16th December, 2010" "Version 1.0.0" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
snapconv \- Sinclair ZX Spectrum snapshot converter
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.B snapconv
[ \-c ] [ \-n ]
.I infile outfile
.PD 1
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
snapconv converts between ZX Spectrum snapshot files.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I \-c
specifies that all data in the output snapshot should be compressed,
even if that compression will result in a bigger file than if some
data is left uncompressed. This helps compatibility with some buggy
programs that can only read entirely compressed .z80 files.
.TP
.I \-n
specifies that the output snapshot should be uncompressed.
.TP
.I \-f
specifies that the A and F and A' and F' registers should be swapped.
Version 0.5.0 and older of 
.IR libspectrum "(3)"
had a bug that resulted in these registers being swapped in SZX 
snapshots only. Version 0.5.1 and newer of
.IR libspectrum "(3)"
automatically recognise these snapshots and correct the problem, but
this flag is necessary to fix some snapshots created by
.I development versions only
of
.IR libspectrum "(3)"
which had the bug fixed, but cannot be distinguished from snapshots
containing the bug.
.TP
.I infile
specifies the snapshot to be converted. This file can be in any of the
snapshot formats supported by
.IR libspectrum "(3)."
.TP
.I outfile
specifies the output snapshot. The format will be determined by the
file extension and can be in any of the formats
.IR libspectrum "(3)"
supports for output.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3),"
.IR listbasic "(1),"
.IR snap2tzx "(1)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Philip Kendall (philip\-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk).
