.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" snap2tzx.1: snap2tzx man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Philip Kendall
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH snap2tzx 1 "16th December, 2010" "Version 1.0.0" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
snap2tzx \- Convert ZX Spectrum snapshot to .tzx tape images
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.B snap2tzx
.RI "[\-1 " string ]
.RI "[\-2 " string ]
.RI "[\-b " colour ]
.RI "[\-g " string ]
.RI "[\-l " string ]
.RI "[\-o " filename ]
[\-r]
.RI "[\-s " speed ]
[\-v]
.RI "[\-$ " filename ]
.I snapshot
.P
.PD 1
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
snap2tzx converts a ZX Spectrum snapshot into a .tzx tape image.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.RI "\-1 " string
causes
.I string
(which has a maximum of 32 characters) to be shown while loading.
.TP
.RI "\-2 " string
causes
.I string
(maximum 32 characters) to also be shown while loading.
.TP
.RI "\-b " colour
specifies the border colour while loading.
.TP
.RI "\-g " string
causes
.I string
(maximum 32 characters) to be used as the game name while loading.
.TP
.RI "\-l " string
causes
.I string
(maximum 8 characters) to be used as the BASIC filename in the loader.
.TP
.RI "\-o " filename
causes the output to be sent to
.IR filename .
.TP
\-r
causes the final line of attribute data in the loading screen to be
bright.
.TP
.RI "\-s " speed
specifies the speed of the loader; available values for
.I speed
are 0 (1500 bps), 1 (2250 bps), 2 (3000 bps) and 3 (6000 bps).
.TP
\-v
specifies verbose output.
.TP
.RI "\-$ " filename
specifies that the ZX Spectrum screen stored in
.I filename
should be used as the loading screen.
.TP
.I snapshot
specifies the snapshot (in a format supported by
.IR libspectrum "(3))"
to be converted.
.PP
In any
.I string
parameter, the tilde (~) will be converted into a copyright symbol.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3),"
.IR listbasic "(1),"
.IR snapconv "(1)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Philip Kendall (philip\-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk).
.PP
Tomaz Kac wrote
.IR z802tzx " (" ftp://ftp.worldofspectrum.org/pub/sinclair/tools/unix/z802tzx\-1.2.tar.gz "),"
on which 
.I snap2tzx
is very heavily based.
.PP
Martijn van der Heide wrote the turbo-loading code, originally for
.IR "Taper " ( http://www.worldofspectrum.org/taper.html ).
