.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" tape2wav.1: tape2wav man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Fredrick Meunier
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: fredm@spamcop.net
.\"
.\"
.TH tape2wav 1 "18th May, 2013" "Version 1.1.0" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
tape2wav \(em Sinclair ZX Spectrum tape to wav audio file converter
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tape2wav
.RI "[ \-r " "sample rate" " ]"
.I infile outfile
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
tape2wav converts audio files to ZX Spectrum tape images.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.RI "\-r " "sample rate"
causes
.I sample rate
to be used as the sample rate for the target wav file. The default rate is
44100 Hz.
.TP
.I infile
specifies the tape file to be converted. This file can be in any of the
tape formats supported by
.IR libspectrum "(3)."
.TP
.I outfile
specifies the output wav file, if set to \(lq\-\(rq will write the file to standard
output.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3),"
.IR listbasic "(1),"
.IR tapeconv "(1),"
.IR tzxlist "(1),"
.IR snap2tzx "(1),"
.IR tape2wav "(1)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Fredrick Meunier (fredm@spamcop.net).
