.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" tapeconv.1: tapeconv man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2002-2004 Philip Kendall
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: philip-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk
.\"
.\"
.TH tapeconv 1 "3rd December, 2008" "Version 0.10.0" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
tapeconv \- Sinclair ZX Spectrum tape file converter
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PD 0
.B tapeconv
.RI "[ \-a " "archive info TZX" " ]"
.RI "[ \-b ]"
.RI "[ \-s " "SCR loading screen" " ]"
.RI "[ \-i " "JPG or GIF inlay image" " ]"
.I infile outfile
.PD 1
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
tapeconv converts between ZX Spectrum tape images.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.RI "\-a " "archive info TZX"
causes the TZX supplied to be scanned for a Archive Info block containing
author, year of relase etc. information about the file and then added to the
output TZX.
.TP
.RI "[ \-b ]"
causes the output TZX to be stripped of any concatenation blocks that get
created when appending TZX files.
.TP
.RI "[ \-s " "SCR loading screen" " ]"
causes the supplied .scr format file to be attached to the TZX as a Custom Info
block marked as a loading screen.
.TP
.RI "[ \-i " "JPG or GIF inlay image" " ]"
causes the supplied .gif or .jpg format file to be attached to the TZX as a
Custom Info block marked as a cassette inlay.
.TP
.I infile
specifies the tape file to be converted. This file can be in any of the
tape formats supported by
.IR libspectrum "(3)."
.TP
.I outfile
specifies the output tape file. The format will be determined by the
file extension and can be in any of the formats
.IR libspectrum "(3)"
supports for output.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3),"
.IR listbasic "(1),"
.IR tzxlist "(1)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Philip Kendall (philip\-fuse@shadowmagic.org.uk).
