.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" tape2pulses.1: tape2pulses man page
.\" Copyright (c) 2016 Fredrick Meunier
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\"
.\" Author contact information:
.\"
.\" E-mail: fredm@spamcop.net
.\"
.\"
.TH tape2pulses 1 "6th June, 2016" "Version 1.2.0" "Emulators"
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH NAME
tape2pulses \(em Sinclair ZX Spectrum tape pulse dumper
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tape2pulses
.I infile outfile
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
tape2pulses dumps the pulse information from ZX Spectrum tape images to
text files.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
give brief usage help, listing available options.
.TP
\-V, \-\-version
output version information.
.TP
.I infile
specifies the tape file to be converted. This file can be in any of the
tape formats supported by
.IR libspectrum "(3)."
.TP
.I outfile
specifies the output text file, if set to \(lq\-\(rq will write the file to
standard output.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH BUGS
None known.
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR fuse "(1),"
.IR fuse\-utils "(1),"
.IR libspectrum "(3),"
.IR listbasic "(1),"
.IR tapeconv "(1),"
.IR tzxlist "(1),"
.IR snap2tzx "(1),"
.IR tape2pulses "(1)"
.IR tape2wav "(1)"
.PP
The comp.sys.sinclair Spectrum FAQ, at
.br
.IR "http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/index.html" .
.\"
.\"------------------------------------------------------------------
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Fredrick Meunier (fredm@spamcop.net).
